As shoppers move online, it would be a dream come true to have products in
photos classified automatically. But, automatic product recognition is tough
because for the same product, a picture can be taken in different lighting,
angles, backgrounds, and levels of occlusion. Meanwhile different fine-grained
categories may look very similar, for example, royal blue vs turquoise in
color. Many of today’s general-purpose recognition machines simply cannot
perceive such subtle differences between photos, yet these differences could
be important for shopping decisions. Tackling issues like this is why the
Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition (CVPR) has put together
a workshop specifically for data scientists focused on fine-grained visual
categorization called the FGVC5 workshop. As part of this workshop, CVPR is
partnering with Google, Wish, and Malong Technologies to challenge the data
science community to help push the state of the art in automatic image
classification. In this competition, FGVC workshop organizers with Wish and
Malong Technologies challenge you to develop algorithms that will help with an
important step towards automatic product detection – to accurately assign
attribute labels for fashion images. Individuals/Teams with top submissions
will be invited to present their work live at the FGVC5 workshop. Kaggle is
excited to partner with research groups to push forward the frontier of
machine learning. Research competitions make use of Kaggle's platform and
experience, but are largely organized by the research group's data science
team. Any questions or concerns regarding the competition data, quality, or
topic will be addressed by them.

