Context This dataset includes the median list price divided by the square
footage of a 1-bedroom home for a select number of neighborhoods around the
United States. Content When available, data includes median price per square
foot on a monthly basis between January 2010 and September 2016. Selected
neighborhoods include: Upper East Side, New York, NY Spring Valley, Las Vegas,
NV Hollywood, Los Angeles, CA Williamsburg, New York, NY Harlem, New York, NY
Enterprise, Las Vegas,NV Downtown, San Jose, CA Sheepshead Bay, New York, NY
Forest Hills, New York, NY Jackson Heights, New York, NY Gramercy, New York,
NY Flagami, Miami, FL Downtown, Memphis, TN Chelsea, New York, NY Oak Lawn,
Dallas, TX Greater Uptown, Houston, TX South Loop, Chicago, IL Makiki-Lower
Punchbowl-Tantalus, Honolulu, HI Downtown, Los Angeles, CA Capitol Hill,
Seattle, WA Clinton, New York, NY Alexandria West, Alexandria, VA Financial
District, New York, NY Flatiron District, New York, NY Landmark-Van Dom,
Alexandria, VA Flamingo Lummus, Miami Beach, FL Winchester, Las Vegas, NV
Brickell, Miami, FL Waikiki, Honolulu, HI Back Bay, Boston, MA Sutton Place,
New York, NY and several others Inspiration What neighborhoods have the most
expensive real estate per square foot? Least expensive? Which neighborhoods
and/or cities have the fastest growth rates in price? Are there any
neighborhoods that remain relatively steady in price? Given that this metric
is listing price per square foot, is there a similar dataset that could help
you compare median square footage in a 1-bedroom home across neighborhoods?
Acknowledgement This dataset is part of Zillow Data, and the original source
can be found here, under the Neighborhoods link.

