Innovative materials design is needed to tackle some of the most important
health, environmental, energy, social, and economic challenges of this
century. In particular, improving the properties of materials that are
intrinsically connected to the generation and utilization of energy is crucial
if we are to mitigate environmental damage due to a growing global demand.
Transparent conductors are an important class of compounds that are both
electrically conductive and have a low absorption in the visible range, which
are typically competing properties. A combination of both of these
characteristics is key for the operation of a variety of technological devices
such as photovoltaic cells, light-emitting diodes for flat-panel displays,
transistors, sensors, touch screens, and lasers. However, only a small number
of compounds are currently known to display both transparency and conductivity
suitable enough to be used as transparent conducting materials. Aluminum (Al),
gallium (Ga), indium (In) sesquioxides are some of the most promising
transparent conductors because of a combination of both large bandgap
energies, which leads to optical transparency over the visible range, and high
conductivities. These materials are also chemically stable and relatively
inexpensive to produce. Alloying of these binary compounds in ternary or
quaternary mixtures could enable the design of a new material at a specific
composition with improved properties over what is current possible. These
alloys are described by the formula (A l x G a y I n z ) 2N O 3N ( ; where x,
y, and z can vary but are limited by the constraint x+y+z = 1. The total
number of atoms in the

