CareerCon 2019 is upon us! CareerCon is a digital event all about landing your
first data science job — and registration is now open! Ahead of the event, we
have a fun competition to get you started. See below for a unique challenge
and opportunity to share your resume with select CareerCon sponsors. Read more
about CareerCon 2019 here. ___________________________________ The Competition
Robots are smart… by design. To fully understand and properly navigate a task,
however, they need input about their environment. In this competition, you’ll
help robots recognize the floor surface they’re standing on using data
collected from Inertial Measurement Units (IMU sensors). We’ve collected IMU
sensor data while driving a small mobile robot over different floor surfaces
on the university premises. The task is to predict which one of the nine floor
types (carpet, tiles, concrete) the robot is on using sensor data such as
acceleration and velocity. Succeed and you'll help improve the navigation of
robots without assistance across many different surfaces, so they won’t fall
down on the job. Special thanks for making this competition possible: The data
for this competition has been collected by Heikki Huttunen and Francesco Lomio
from the Department of Signal Processing and Damoon Mohamadi, Kaan Celikbilek,
Pedram Ghazi and Reza Ghabcheloo from the Department of Automation and
Mechanical Engineering both from Tampere University, Finland. We at Kaggle
would like thank them all for kindly donating the data that has made this
competition possible!

