Context Things like Block chain, Bitcoin, Bitcoin cash, Ethereum, Ripple etc
are constantly coming in the news articles I read. So I wanted to understand
more about it and this post helped me get started. Once the basics are done,
the data scientist inside me started raising questions like: How many
cryptocurrencies are there and what are their prices and valuations? Why is
there a sudden surge in the interest in recent days? For getting answers to
all these questions (and if possible to predict the future prices ;)), I
started collecting data from coinmarketcap about the cryptocurrencies. So what
next? Now that we have the price data, I wanted to dig a little more about the
factors affecting the price of coins. I started of with Bitcoin and there are
quite a few parameters which affect the price of Bitcoin. Thanks to Blockchain
Info, I was able to get quite a few parameters on once in two day basis. This
will help understand the other factors related to Bitcoin price and also help
one make future predictions in a better way than just using the historical
price. Content The dataset has one csv file for each currency. Price history
is available on a daily basis from April 28, 2013. This dataset has the
historical price information of some of the top crypto currencies by market
capitalization. The currencies included are: Bitcoin Ethereum Ripple Bitcoin
cash Bitconnect Dash Ethereum Classic Iota Litecoin Monero Nem Neo Numeraire
Stratis Waves Date : date of observation Open : Opening price on the given day
High : Highest price on the given day Low : Lowest price on the given day
Close : Closing price on the given day Volume : Volume of transactions on the
given day Market Cap : Market capitalization in USD Bitcoin Dataset
(bitcoin_dataset.csv) : This dataset has the following features. Date : Date
of observation btc_market_price : Average USD market price across major
bitcoin exchanges. btc_total_bitcoins : The total number of bitcoins that have
already been mined. btc_market_cap : The total USD value of bitcoin supply in
circulation. btc_trade_volume : The total USD value of trading volume on major
bitcoin exchanges. btc_blocks_size : The total size of all block headers and
transactions. btc_avg_block_size : The average block size in MB.
btc_n_orphaned_blocks : The total number of blocks mined but ultimately not
attached to the main Bitcoin blockchain. btc_n_transactions_per_block : The
average number of transactions per block. btc_median_confirmation_time : The
median time for a transaction to be accepted into a mined block. btc_hash_rate
: The estimated number of tera hashes per second the Bitcoin network is
performing. btc_difficulty : A relative measure of how difficult it is to find
a new block. btc_miners_revenue : Total value of coinbase block rewards and
transaction fees paid to miners. btc_transaction_fees : The total value of all
transaction fees paid to miners. btc_cost_per_transaction_percent : miners
revenue as percentage of the transaction volume. btc_cost_per_transaction :
miners revenue divided by the number of transactions. btc_n_unique_addresses :
The total number of unique addresses used on the Bitcoin blockchain.
btc_n_transactions : The number of daily confirmed Bitcoin transactions.
btc_n_transactions_total : Total number of transactions.
btc_n_transactions_excluding_popular : The total number of Bitcoin
transactions, excluding the 100 most popular addresses.
btc_n_transactions_excluding_chains_longer_than_100 : The total number of
Bitcoin transactions per day excluding long transaction chains.
btc_output_volume : The total value of all transaction outputs per day.
btc_estimated_transaction_volume : The total estimated value of transactions
on the Bitcoin blockchain. btc_estimated_transaction_volume_usd : The
estimated transaction value in USD value. Ethereum Dataset
(ethereum_dataset.csv): This dataset has the following features Date(UTC) :
Date of transaction UnixTimeStamp : unix timestamp eth_etherprice : price of
ethereum eth_tx : number of transactions per day eth_address : Cumulative
address growth eth_supply : Number of ethers in supply eth_marketcap : Market
cap in USD eth_hashrate : hash rate in GH/s eth_difficulty : Difficulty level
in TH eth_blocks : number of blocks per day eth_uncles : number of uncles per
day eth_blocksize : average block size in bytes eth_blocktime : average block
time in seconds eth_gasprice : Average gas price in Wei eth_gaslimit : Gas
limit per day eth_gasused : total gas used per day eth_ethersupply : new ether
supply per day eth_chaindatasize : chain data size in bytes eth_ens_register :
Ethereal Name Service (ENS) registrations per day Acknowledgements This data
is taken from coinmarketcap and it is free to use the data. Bitcoin dataset is
obtained from Blockchain Info. Ethereum dataset is obtained from Etherscan.
Cover Image : Photo by Thomas Malama on Unsplash Inspiration Some of the
questions which could be inferred from this dataset are: How did the
historical prices / market capitalizations of various currencies change over
time? Predicting the future price of the currencies Which currencies are more
volatile and which ones are more stable? How does the price fluctuations of
currencies correlate with each other? Seasonal trend in the price fluctuations
Bitcoin / Ethereum dataset could be used to look at the following: Factors
affecting the bitcoin / ether price. Directional prediction of bitcoin / ether
price. (refer this paper for more inspiration) Actual bitcoin price
prediction.

