"There's a thin line between likably old-fashioned and fuddy-duddy, and The
Count of Monte Cristo ... never quite settles on either side." The Rotten
Tomatoes movie review dataset is a corpus of movie reviews used for sentiment
analysis, originally collected by Pang and Lee [1]. In their work on sentiment
treebanks, Socher et al. [2] used Amazon's Mechanical Turk to create fine-
grained labels for all parsed phrases in the corpus. This competition presents
a chance to benchmark your sentiment-analysis ideas on the Rotten Tomatoes
dataset. You are asked to label phrases on a scale of five values: negative,
somewhat negative, neutral, somewhat positive, positive. Obstacles like
sentence negation, sarcasm, terseness, language ambiguity, and many others
make this task very challenging. Kaggle is hosting this competition for the
machine learning community to use for fun and practice. This competition was
inspired by the work of Socher et al [2]. We encourage participants to explore
the accompanying (and dare we say, fantastic) website that accompanies the
paper: http://nlp.stanford.edu/sentiment/ There you will find have source
code, a live demo, and even an online interface to help train the model. [1]
Pang and L. Lee. 2005. Seeing stars: Exploiting class relationships for
sentiment categorization with respect to rating scales. In ACL, pages 115â€“124.
[2] Recursive Deep Models for Semantic Compositionality Over a Sentiment
Treebank, Richard Socher, Alex Perelygin, Jean Wu, Jason Chuang, Chris
Manning, Andrew Ng and Chris Potts. Conference on Empirical Methods in Natural
Language Processing (EMNLP 2013).

