Context Bitcoin is the longest running and most well known cryptocurrency,
first released as open source in 2009 by the anonymous Satoshi Nakamoto.
Bitcoin serves as a decentralized medium of digital exchange, with
transactions verified and recorded in a public distributed ledger (the
blockchain) without the need for a trusted record keeping authority or central
intermediary. Transaction blocks contain a SHA-256 cryptographic hash of
previous transaction blocks, and are thus "chained" together, serving as an
immutable record of all transactions that have ever occurred. As with any
currency/commodity on the market, bitcoin trading and financial instruments
soon followed public adoption of bitcoin and continue to grow. Included here
is historical bitcoin market data at 1-min intervals for select bitcoin
exchanges where trading takes place. Happy (data) mining! Content
coincheckJPY_1-min_data_2014-10-31_to_2018-06-27.csv
bitflyerJPY_1-min_data_2017-07-04_to_2018-06-27.csv
coinbaseUSD_1-min_data_2014-12-01_to_2018-06-27.csv
bitstampUSD_1-min_data_2012-01-01_to_2018-06-27.csv CSV files for select
bitcoin exchanges for the time period of Jan 2012 to July 2018, with minute to
minute updates of OHLC (Open, High, Low, Close), Volume in BTC and indicated
currency, and weighted bitcoin price. Timestamps are in Unix time. Timestamps
without any trades or activity have their data fields forward filled from the
last valid time period. If a timestamp is missing, or if there are jumps, this
may be because the exchange (or its API) was down, the exchange (or its API)
did not exist, or some other unforseen technical error in data reporting or
gathering. All effort has been made to deduplicate entries and verify the
contents are correct and complete to the best of my ability, but obviously
trust at your own risk. Acknowledgements and Inspiration Bitcoin charts for
the data. The various exchange APIs, for making it difficult or unintuitive
enough to get OHLC and volume data at 1-min intervals that I set out on this
data scraping project. Satoshi Nakamoto and the novel core concept of the
blockchain, as well as its first execution via the bitcoin protocol. I'd also
like to thank viewers like you! Can't wait to see what code or insights you
all have to share. I am a lowly Ph.D. student who did this for fun in my
meager spare time. If you find this data interesting and you can spare a
coffee to fuel my science, send it my way and I'd be immensely grateful!
1kmWmcQa8qN9ZrdGfdkw8EHKBgugKBRcF

