The 11th ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining (WSDM
2018) is challenging you to build a better music recommendation system using a
donated dataset from KKBOX. WSDM (pronounced "wisdom") is one of the the
premier conferences on web inspired research involving search and data mining.
They're committed to publishing original, high quality papers and
presentations, with an emphasis on practical but principled novel models. Not
many years ago, it was inconceivable that the same person would listen to the
Beatles, Vivaldi, and Lady Gaga on their morning commute. But, the glory days
of Radio DJs have passed, and musical gatekeepers have been replaced with
personalizing algorithms and unlimited streaming services. While the public’s
now listening to all kinds of music, algorithms still struggle in key areas.
Without enough historical data, how would an algorithm know if listeners will
like a new song or a new artist? And, how would it know what songs to
recommend brand new users? WSDM has challenged the Kaggle ML community to help
solve these problems and build a better music recommendation system. The
dataset is from KKBOX, Asia’s leading music streaming service, holding the
world’s most comprehensive Asia-Pop music library with over 30 million tracks.
They currently use a collaborative filtering based algorithm with matrix
factorization and word embedding in their recommendation system but believe
new techniques could lead to better results. Winners will present their
findings at the conference February 6-8, 2018 in Los Angeles, CA. For more
information on the conference, click here, and don't forget to check out the
other KKBox/WSDM competition: KKBox Music Churn Prediction Challenge

