Submissions are evaluated on Average Jaccard Index between the predicted
multipolygons and the actual multipolygons. This is a vector-based metric
where we use polygon geometries to evaluate how well your predictions are
aligned with the answer. The Jaccard Index for two regions A and B, also known
as the "intersection over union", is defined as: Jaccard= TP TP+FP+FN = |A∩B|
|A∪B| = |A∩B| |A|+|B|−|A∩B| where TP is the true positives area, FP is the
false positives area, and FN is the false negatives area. For each object
class, of each image, we calculate the TP, FP, and FN areas. We then sum the
total TP, total FP, and total FN across all the images, then the Jaccard is
calculated for that class using total TP, total FP, and total FN. Then, we
average all the Jaccard Indexes for all the 10 classes. Submission File For
every row in the dataset, submission files should contain the following:
ImageId (string), ClassType (int), and MultipolygonWKT (multipolygon
coordinates in WKT format). You must submit a row for every ImageId and every
ClassType. The complete format is in the sample_submission.csv file. If you
want to predict an empty polygon for the class, put down MULTIPOLYGON EMPTY.
Please submit all the rows in exactly the same order as sample_submission.csv,
otherwise you might get a "key not found error". The file should contain a
header and have the following format: ImageId,ClassType,MultipolygonWKT
6020_0_1, 1, MULTIPOLYGON EMPTY 6120_2_4,1,"POLYGON ((0 0, 0.009188 0,
0.009188 -0.009039999999999999, 0 -0.009039999999999999, 0 0))" etc.
Submission Time If you have complex polygons, it could take a longer time (4+
mins) to evaluate your submission. Please be patient when the submission is
getting evaluated! If you find yourself getting timed out, please consider
simplifying (smoothing) your polygons to reduce both the submission file size
and the time it takes to evaluate the submission.

