Context After watching Somm (a documentary on master sommeliers) I wondered
how I could create a predictive model to identify wines through blind tasting
like a master sommelier would. The first step in this journey was gathering
some data to train a model. I plan to use deep learning to predict the wine
variety using words in the description/review. The model still won't be able
to taste the wine, but theoretically it could identify the wine based on a
description that a sommelier could give. If anyone has any ideas on how to
accomplish this, please post them! Content This dataset contains three files:
winemag-data-130k-v2.csv contains 10 columns and 130k rows of wine reviews.
winemag-data_first150k.csv contains 10 columns and 150k rows of wine reviews.
winemag-data-130k-v2.json contains 6919 nodes of wine reviews. Click on the
data tab to see individual file descriptions, column-level metadata and
summary statistics. Acknowledgements The data was scraped from WineEnthusiast
during the week of June 15th, 2017. The code for the scraper can be found here
if you have any more specific questions about data collection that I didn't
address. UPDATE 11/24/2017 After feedback from users of the dataset I scraped
the reviews again on November 22nd, 2017. This time around I collected the
title of each review, which you can parse the year out of, the tasters name,
and the taster's Twitter handle. This should also fix the duplicate entry
issue. Inspiration I think that this dataset offers some great opportunities
for sentiment analysis and other text related predictive models. My overall
goal is to create a model that can identify the variety, winery, and location
of a wine based on a description. If anyone has any ideas, breakthroughs, or
other interesting insights/models please post them.

