This competition is evaluated on the mean average precision at different
intersection over union (IoU) thresholds. The IoU of a proposed set of object
pixels and a set of true object pixels is calculated as: IoU(A,B)= A∩B A∪B .
The metric sweeps over a range of IoU thresholds, at each point calculating an
average precision value. The threshold values range from 0.5 to 0.95 with a
step size of 0.05: (0.5, 0.55, 0.6, 0.65, 0.7, 0.75, 0.8, 0.85, 0.9, 0.95). In
other words, at a threshold of 0.5, a predicted object is considered a "hit"
if its intersection over union with a ground truth object is greater than 0.5.
At each threshold value t t , a precision value is calculated based on the
number of true positives (TP), false negatives (FN), and false positives (FP)
resulting from comparing the predicted object to all ground truth objects:
TP(t) TP(t)+FP(t)+FN(t) . TP(t)TP(t)+FP(t)+FN(t). A true positive is counted
when a single predicted object matches a ground truth object with an IoU above
the threshold. A false positive indicates a predicted object had no associated
ground truth object. A false negative indicates a ground truth object had no
associated predicted object. The average precision of a single image is then
calculated as the mean of the above precision values at each IoU threshold: 1
|thresholds| ∑ t TP(t) TP(t)+FP(t)+FN(t) . Lastly, the score returned by the
competition metric is the mean taken over the individual average precisions of
each image in the test dataset. Submission File In order to reduce the
submission file size, our metric uses run-length encoding on the pixel values.
Instead of submitting an exhaustive list of indices for your segmentation, you
will submit pairs of values that contain a start position and a run length.
E.g. '1 3' implies starting at pixel 1 and running a total of 3 pixels
(1,2,3). The competition format requires a space delimited list of pairs. For
example, '1 3 10 5' implies pixels 1,2,3,10,11,12,13,14 are to be included in
the mask. The pixels are one-indexed and numbered from top to bottom, then
left to right: 1 is pixel (1,1), 2 is pixel (2,1), etc. The metric checks that
the pairs are sorted, positive, and the decoded pixel values are not
duplicated. It also checks that no two predicted masks for the same image are
overlapping. The file should contain a header and have the following format.
Each row in your submission represents a single predicted nucleus segmentation
for the given ImageId. ImageId,EncodedPixels
0114f484a16c152baa2d82fdd43740880a762c93f436c8988ac461c5c9dbe7d5,1 1
0999dab07b11bc85fb8464fc36c947fbd8b5d6ec49817361cb780659ca805eac,1 1
0999dab07b11bc85fb8464fc36c947fbd8b5d6ec49817361cb780659ca805eac,2 3 8 9
etc... Submission files may take several minutes to process due to the size.

