Your goal is to maximize the Average Normalized Happiness (ANH) =
(AverageNormalizedChildHappiness (ANCH) ) ^ 3 +
(AverageNormalizedSantaHappiness (ANSH) ) ^ 3 where NormalizedChildHappiness
is the happiness of each child, divided by the maximum possible happiness, and
NormalizedSantaHappiness is the happiness of each gift, divided by the maximum
possible happiness. Note the cubic terms with ANCH and ANSH. in the equation
form: ANCH= 1 n c ∑ i=0 n c −1 ChildHappiness MaxChildHappiness , ANSH= 1 n g
∑ i=0 n g −1 GiftHappiness MaxGiftHappiness . n c is the number of children. n
g is the number of gifts MaxChildHappiness = len(ChildWishList) * 2,
MaxGiftHappiness = len(GiftGoodKidsList) * 2. ChildHappiness = 2 * GiftOrder
if the gift is found in the wish list of the child. ChildHappiness = -1 if the
gift is out of the child's wish list. Similarly, GiftHappiness = 2 *
ChildOrder if the child is found in the good kids list of the gift.
GiftHappiness = -1 if the child is out of the gift's good kids list. For
example, if a child has a preference of gifts [5,2,3,1,4], and is given gift
3, then ChildHappiness = [len(WishList)-indexOf(gift_3)] * 2 = [5 - 2] * 2 = 6
If this child is given gift 4, then ChildHappiness = [5-4] * 2 = 2 Code sample
of Average Normalized Happiness can be seen from this Kernel. Submission File
For each child in the dataset, you will match it with a gift. Remember, the
first 0.5% of rows (ChildId 0 to 5000) are triplets, and the following 4%
(ChildId 5001-45000) are twins. ChildId,GiftId 0,669 1,669 2,669 3,8 4,8 5,8
6,689 7,689 8,689

