Context There is a lack of public available datasets on financial services and
specially in the emerging mobile money transactions domain. Financial datasets
are important to many researchers and in particular to us performing research
in the domain of fraud detection. Part of the problem is the intrinsically
private nature of financial transactions, that leads to no publicly available
datasets. We present a synthetic dataset generated using the simulator called
PaySim as an approach to such a problem. PaySim uses aggregated data from the
private dataset to generate a synthetic dataset that resembles the normal
operation of transactions and injects malicious behaviour to later evaluate
the performance of fraud detection methods. Content PaySim simulates mobile
money transactions based on a sample of real transactions extracted from one
month of financial logs from a mobile money service implemented in an African
country. The original logs were provided by a multinational company, who is
the provider of the mobile financial service which is currently running in
more than 14 countries all around the world. This synthetic dataset is scaled
down 1/4 of the original dataset and it is created just for Kaggle. Headers
This is a sample of 1 row with headers explanation:
1,PAYMENT,1060.31,C429214117,1089.0,28.69,M1591654462,0.0,0.0,0,0 step - maps
a unit of time in the real world. In this case 1 step is 1 hour of time. Total
steps 744 (30 days simulation). type - CASH-IN, CASH-OUT, DEBIT, PAYMENT and
TRANSFER. amount - amount of the transaction in local currency. nameOrig -
customer who started the transaction oldbalanceOrg - initial balance before
the transaction newbalanceOrig - new balance after the transaction nameDest -
customer who is the recipient of the transaction oldbalanceDest - initial
balance recipient before the transaction. Note that there is not information
for customers that start with M (Merchants). newbalanceDest - new balance
recipient after the transaction. Note that there is not information for
customers that start with M (Merchants). isFraud - This is the transactions
made by the fraudulent agents inside the simulation. In this specific dataset
the fraudulent behavior of the agents aims to profit by taking control or
customers accounts and try to empty the funds by transferring to another
account and then cashing out of the system. isFlaggedFraud - The business
model aims to control massive transfers from one account to another and flags
illegal attempts. An illegal attempt in this dataset is an attempt to transfer
more than 200.000 in a single transaction. Past Research There are 5 similar
files that contain the run of 5 different scenarios. These files are better
explained at my PhD thesis chapter 7 (PhD Thesis Available here
http://urn.kb.se/resolve?urn=urn:nbn:se:bth-12932). We ran PaySim several
times using random seeds for 744 steps, representing each hour of one month of
real time, which matches the original logs. Each run took around 45 minutes on
an i7 intel processor with 16GB of RAM. The final result of a run contains
approximately 24 million of financial records divided into the 5 types of
categories: CASH-IN, CASH-OUT, DEBIT, PAYMENT and TRANSFER. Acknowledgements
This work is part of the research project ”Scalable resource-efficient systems
for big data analytics” funded by the Knowledge Foundation (grant: 20140032)
in Sweden. Please refer to this dataset using the following citations: PaySim
first paper of the simulator: E. A. Lopez-Rojas , A. Elmir, and S. Axelsson.
"PaySim: A financial mobile money simulator for fraud detection". In: The 28th
European Modeling and Simulation Symposium-EMSS, Larnaca, Cyprus. 2016

