Making products that work for people all over the globe is an important value
at Google AI. In the field of classification, this means developing models
that work well for regions all over the world. Today, the dataset a model is
trained on greatly dictates the performance of that model. A system trained on
a dataset that doesnâ€™t represent a broad range of localities could perform
worse on images drawn from geographic regions underrepresented in the training
data. Google and the industry at large are working to create more diverse &
representative datasets. But it is also important for the field to make
progress in understanding how to build models when the data available may not
cover all audiences a model is meant to reach. Google AI is challenging
Kagglers to develop models that are robust to blind spots that might exist in
a data set, and to create image recognition systems that can perform well on
test images drawn from different geographic distributions than the ones they
were trained on. By finding ways to teach image classifiers to generalize to
new geographic and cultural contexts, we hope the community will make even
more progress in inclusive machine learning that benefits everyone,
everywhere. Note: This competition is run in two stages. Refer to the FAQ for
an explanation of how this works & the Timeline for specific dates. This
competition is a part of the NIPS 2018 competition track. Winners will be
invited to attend and present their solutions at the workshop. Shankar et al.
"No Classification without Representation: Assessing Geodiversity Issues in
Open Data Sets for the Developing World" NIPS 2017 Workshop on Machine
Learning for the Developing World

