As many of us can attest, learning another language is tough. Picking up on
nuances like slang, dates and times, and local expressions, can often be a
distinguishing factor between proficiency and fluency. This challenge is even
more difficult for a machine. Many speech and language applications, including
text-to-speech synthesis (TTS) and automatic speech recognition (ASR), require
text to be converted from written expressions into appropriate "spoken" forms.
This is a process known as text normalization, and helps convert 12:47 to
"twelve forty-seven" and $3.16 into "three dollars, sixteen cents." However,
one of the biggest challenges when developing a TTS or ASR system for a new
language is to develop and test the grammar for all these rules, a task that
requires quite a bit of linguistic sophistication and native speaker
intuition. A  baby  giraffe  is  6ft six feet tall  and  weighs  150lb one
hundred fifty pounds . sil In this competition, you are challenged to automate
the process of developing text normalization grammars via machine learning.
This track will focus on English, while a separate will focus on Russian here:
Russian Text Normalization Challenge About the sponsor Google's Text
Normalization Research Group conducts research and creates tools for the
detection, normalization and denormalization of non-standard words such as
abbreviations, numbers or currency expressions; and semiotic classes -- text
tokens and token sequences that represent particular entities that are
semantically constrained, such as measure phrases, addresses or dates.
Applications of this work include text-to-speech synthesis, automatic speech
recognition, and information extraction/retrieval.

