A lot has been said during the past several years about how precision medicine
and, more concretely, how genetic testing is going to disrupt the way diseases
like cancer are treated. But this is only partially happening due to the huge
amount of manual work still required. Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center
(MSKCC) launched this competition, accepted by the NIPS 2017 Competition
Track, because we need your help to take personalized medicine to its full
potential. Once sequenced, a cancer tumor can have thousands of genetic
mutations. But the challenge is distinguishing the mutations that contribute
to tumor growth (drivers) from the neutral mutations (passengers). Currently
this interpretation of genetic mutations is being done manually. This is a
very time-consuming task where a clinical pathologist has to manually review
and classify every single genetic mutation based on evidence from text-based
clinical literature. For this competition MSKCC is making available an expert-
annotated knowledge base where world-class researchers and oncologists have
manually annotated thousands of mutations. We need your help to develop a
Machine Learning algorithm that, using this knowledge base as a baseline,
automatically classifies genetic variations. Kaggle is excited to partner with
research groups to push forward the frontier of machine learning. Research
competitions make use of Kaggle's platform and experience, but are largely
organized by the research group's data science team. Any questions or concerns
regarding the competition data, quality, or topic will be addressed by them.

