The Inter-American Development Bank is asking the Kaggle community for help
with income qualification for some of the world's poorest families. Are you up
for the challenge? Here's the backstory: Many social programs have a hard time
making sure the right people are given enough aid. It’s especially tricky when
a program focuses on the poorest segment of the population. The world’s
poorest typically can’t provide the necessary income and expense records to
prove that they qualify. In Latin America, one popular method uses an
algorithm to verify income qualification. It’s called the Proxy Means Test (or
PMT). With PMT, agencies use a model that considers a family’s observable
household attributes like the material of their walls and ceiling, or the
assets found in the home to classify them and predict their level of need.
While this is an improvement, accuracy remains a problem as the region’s
population grows and poverty declines. To improve on PMT, the IDB (the largest
source of development financing for Latin America and the Caribbean) has
turned to the Kaggle community. They believe that new methods beyond
traditional econometrics, based on a dataset of Costa Rican household
characteristics, might help improve PMT’s performance. Beyond Costa Rica, many
countries face this same problem of inaccurately assessing social need. If
Kagglers can generate an improvement, the new algorithm could be implemented
in other countries around the world. This is a Kernels-Only Competition, so
you must submit your code through Kernels, rather than uploading .csv
predictions. You can create private Kernels and even share/edit your work with
teammates by adding them as collaborators.

