Forecasting earthquakes is one of the most important problems in Earth science
because of their devastating consequences. Current scientific studies related
to earthquake forecasting focus on three key points: when the event will
occur, where it will occur, and how large it will be. In this competition, you
will address when the earthquake will take place. Specifically, you’ll predict
the time remaining before laboratory earthquakes occur from real-time seismic
data. If this challenge is solved and the physics are ultimately shown to
scale from the laboratory to the field, researchers will have the potential to
improve earthquake hazard assessments that could save lives and billions of
dollars in infrastructure. This challenge is hosted by Los Alamos National
Laboratory which enhances national security by ensuring the safety of the U.S.
nuclear stockpile, developing technologies to reduce threats from weapons of
mass destruction, and solving problems related to energy, environment,
infrastructure, health, and global security concerns. Acknowledgments:
Geophysics Group: The competition builds on initial work from Bertrand Rouet-
Leduc, Claudia Hulbert, and Paul Johnson. B. Rouet-Leduc prepared the data for
the competition. Department of Geosciences: Data are from experiments
performed by Chas Bolton, Jacques Riviere, Paul Johnson and Prof. Chris
Marone. Department of Physics & Astronomy: This competition stemmed from the
DOE Council workshop “Information is in the Noise: Signatures of Evolving
Fracture and Fracture Networks” held March 2018 that was organized by Prof.
Laura J. Pyrak-Nolte. Department of Energy Office of Science, Basic Energy
Sciences, Chemical Sciences, Geosciences and Biosciences Division: The
Geosciences core research. Photo by Nik Shuliahin on Unsplash

