The Health Insurance Marketplace Public Use Files contain data on health and
dental plans offered to individuals and small businesses through the US Health
Insurance Marketplace. Exploration Ideas To help get you started, here are
some data exploration ideas: How do plan rates and benefits vary across
states? How do plan benefits relate to plan rates? How do plan rates vary by
age? How do plans vary across insurance network providers? See this forum
thread for more ideas, and post there if you want to add your own ideas or
answer some of the open questions! Data Description This data was originally
prepared and released by the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS).
Please read the CMS Disclaimer-User Agreement before using this data. Here,
we've processed the data to facilitate analytics. This processed version has
three components: 1\. Original versions of the data The original versions of
the 2014, 2015, 2016 data are available in the "raw" directory of the download
and "../input/raw" on Kaggle Scripts. Search for "dictionaries" on this page
to find the data dictionaries describing the individual raw files. 2\.
Combined CSV files that contain In the top level directory of the download
("../input" on Kaggle Scripts), there are six CSV files that contain the
combined at across all years: BenefitsCostSharing.csv BusinessRules.csv
Network.csv PlanAttributes.csv Rate.csv ServiceArea.csv Additionally, there
are two CSV files that facilitate joining data across years: Crosswalk2015.csv
- joining 2014 and 2015 data Crosswalk2016.csv - joining 2015 and 2016 data
3\. SQLite database The "database.sqlite" file contains tables corresponding
to each of the processed CSV files. The code to create the processed version
of this data is available on GitHub.

