This competition focuses on the problem of forecasting the future values of
multiple time series, as it has always been one of the most challenging
problems in the field. More specifically, we aim the competition at testing
state-of-the-art methods designed by the participants, on the problem of
forecasting future web traffic for approximately 145,000 Wikipedia articles.
Sequential or temporal observations emerge in many key real-world problems,
ranging from biological data, financial markets, weather forecasting, to audio
and video processing. The field of time series encapsulates many different
problems, ranging from analysis and inference to classification and forecast.
What can you do to help predict future views? This competition will run as two
stages and involves prediction of actual future events. There will be a
training stage during which the leaderboard is based on historical data,
followed by a stage where participants are scored on real future events. You
have complete freedom in how to produce your forecasts: e.g. use of univariate
vs multi-variate models, use of metadata (article identifier), hierarchical
time series modeling (for different types of traffic), data augmentation (e.g.
using Google Trends data to extend the dataset), anomaly and outlier detection
and cleaning, different strategies for missing value imputation, and many more
types of approaches. We thank Google Inc. and Voleon for sponsorship of this
competition, and Oren Anava and Vitaly Kuznetsov for organizing it. Kaggle is
excited to partner with research groups to push forward the frontier of
machine learning. Research competitions make use of Kaggle's platform and
experience, but are largely organized by the research group's data science
team. Any questions or concerns regarding the competition data, quality, or
topic will be addressed by them.

