To explore what our universe is made of, scientists at CERN are colliding
protons, essentially recreating mini big bangs, and meticulously observing
these collisions with intricate silicon detectors. While orchestrating the
collisions and observations is already a massive scientific accomplishment,
analyzing the enormous amounts of data produced from the experiments is
becoming an overwhelming challenge. Event rates have already reached hundreds
of millions of collisions per second, meaning physicists must sift through
tens of petabytes of data per year. And, as the resolution of detectors
improve, ever better software is needed for real-time pre-processing and
filtering of the most promising events, producing even more data. To help
address this problem, a team of Machine Learning experts and physics
scientists working at CERN (the world largest high energy physics laboratory),
has partnered with Kaggle and prestigious sponsors to answer the question: can
machine learning assist high energy physics in discovering and characterizing
new particles? Specifically, in this competition, you’re challenged to build
an algorithm that quickly reconstructs particle tracks from 3D points left in
the silicon detectors. This challenge consists of two phases: The Accuracy
phase has run on Kaggle from May to 13th August 2018 (Winners to be announced
by end September). Here we’ll be focusing on the highest score, irrespective
of the evaluation time. This phase is an official IEEE WCCI competition (Rio
de Janeiro, Jul 2018). The Throughput phase will run on Codalab starting in
September 2018. Participants will submit their software which is evaluated by
the platform. Incentive is on the throughput (or speed) of the evaluation
while reaching a good score. This phase is an official NIPS competition
(Montreal, Dec 2018). All the necessary information for the Accuracy phase is
available here on Kaggle site. The overall TrackML challenge web site is
there.

