Custom metric The evaluation metric for this competition is a custom metric.
In one line : it is the intersection between the reconstructed tracks and the
ground truth particles, normalized to one for each event, and averaged on the
events of the test set. First, each hit is assigned a weight: the few first
(starting from the center of the detector) and last hits have a larger weight
hits from the more straight tracks (more rare, but more interesting) have a
larger weight random hits or hits from very short tracks have weight zero the
sum of the weights of all the hits of one event is 1 by construction the hit
weights are available in the truth file. They are not revealed for the test
dataset Then, the score is constructed as follows: tracks are uniquely matched
to particles by the double majority rule: for a given track, the matching
particle is the one to which the absolute majority (strictly more that 50%) of
the track points belong. the track should have the absolute majority of the
points of the matching particle. If any of these constraints is not met, the
score for this track is zero the score of a surviving track is the sum of the
weights of the points of the intersection between the track and the matching
particle. the score of an event is the sum of the score of all its tracks. the
final score is the average on the events of the public and private leaderboard
test respectively. A perfect algorithm will have a score of 1, while a random
one will have a score 0. An example implementation can be found in the trackml
python library. Submission Format The submission file should contain three
columns: event_id, hit_id, track_id, and should have exactly one line for
every hit of every event. event_id is the event number hit_id is the hit
number, within that event track_id is the user defined numerical identifier
(non negative integer) of the track (the track being the group or cluster of
hits). The file should contain a header and have the following format:
event_id,hit_id,track_id 0,0,21 0,1,49 0,3,32 0,4,0 0,5,21 etc...

