The 11th ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining (WSDM
2018) is challenging you to build an algorithm that predicts whether a
subscription user will churn using a donated dataset from KKBOX. WSDM
(pronounced "wisdom") is one of the the premier conferences on web inspired
research involving search and data mining. They're committed to publishing
original, high quality papers and presentations, with an emphasis on practical
but principled novel models. For a subscription business, accurately
predicting churn is critical to long-term success. Even slight variations in
churn can drastically affect profits. KKBOX is Asia’s leading music streaming
service, holding the world’s most comprehensive Asia-Pop music library with
over 30 million tracks. They offer a generous, unlimited version of their
service to millions of people, supported by advertising and paid
subscriptions. This delicate model is dependent on accurately predicting churn
of their paid users. In this competition you’re tasked to build an algorithm
that predicts whether a user will churn after their subscription expires.
Currently, the company uses survival analysis techniques to determine the
residual membership life time for each subscriber. By adopting different
methods, KKBOX anticipates they’ll discover new insights to why users leave so
they can be proactive in keeping users dancing. Winners will present their
findings at the WSDM conference February 6-8, 2018 in Los Angeles, CA. For
more information on the conference, click here.

