Finding the perfect place to call your new home should be more than browsing
through endless listings. RentHop makes apartment search smarter by using data
to sort rental listings by quality. But while looking for the perfect
apartment is difficult enough, structuring and making sense of all available
real estate data programmatically is even harder. Two Sigma and RentHop, a
portfolio company of Two Sigma Ventures, invite Kagglers to unleash their
creative engines to uncover business value in this unique recruiting
competition. Two Sigma invites you to apply your talents in this recruiting
competition featuring rental listing data from RentHop. Kagglers will predict
the number of inquiries a new listing receives based on the listing’s creation
date and other features. Doing so will help RentHop better handle fraud
control, identify potential listing quality issues, and allow owners and
agents to better understand renters’ needs and preferences. Two Sigma has been
at the forefront of applying technology and data science to financial
forecasts. While their pioneering advances in big data, AI, and machine
learning in the financial world have been pushing the industry forward, as
with all other scientific progress, they are driven to make continual
progress. This challenge is an opportunity for competitors to gain a sneak
peek into Two Sigma's data science work outside of finance. Acknowledgments
This competition is co-hosted by Two Sigma and RentHop (a portfolio company of
Two Sigma Ventures, which is a division of Two Sigma Investments) to encourage
creativity in using real world data to solve everyday problems.

