In this competition, you’re challenged to build an algorithm to detect a
visual signal for pneumonia in medical images. Specifically, your algorithm
needs to automatically locate lung opacities on chest radiographs. Here’s the
backstory and why solving this problem matters. Pneumonia accounts for over
15% of all deaths of children under 5 years old internationally. In 2015,
920,000 children under the age of 5 died from the disease. In the United
States, pneumonia accounts for over 500,000 visits to emergency departments
[1] and over 50,000 deaths in 2015 [2], keeping the ailment on the list of top
10 causes of death in the country. While common, accurately diagnosing
pneumonia is a tall order. It requires review of a chest radiograph (CXR) by
highly trained specialists and confirmation through clinical history, vital
signs and laboratory exams. Pneumonia usually manifests as an area or areas of
increased opacity [3] on CXR. However, the diagnosis of pneumonia on CXR is
complicated because of a number of other conditions in the lungs such as fluid
overload (pulmonary edema), bleeding, volume loss (atelectasis or collapse),
lung cancer, or post-radiation or surgical changes. Outside of the lungs,
fluid in the pleural space (pleural effusion) also appears as increased
opacity on CXR. When available, comparison of CXRs of the patient taken at
different time points and correlation with clinical symptoms and history are
helpful in making the diagnosis. CXRs are the most commonly performed
diagnostic imaging study. A number of factors such as positioning of the
patient and depth of inspiration can alter the appearance of the CXR [4],
complicating interpretation further. In addition, clinicians are faced with
reading high volumes of images every shift. To improve the efficiency and
reach of diagnostic services, the Radiological Society of North America
(RSNA®) has reached out to Kaggle’s machine learning community and
collaborated with the US National Institutes of Health, The Society of
Thoracic Radiology, and MD.ai to develop a rich dataset for this challenge.
The RSNA is an international society of radiologists, medical physicists and
other medical professionals with more than 54,000 members from 146 countries
across the globe. They see the potential for ML to automate initial detection
(imaging screening) of potential pneumonia cases in order to prioritize and
expedite their review. Challenge participants may be invited to present their
AI models and methodologies during an award ceremony at the RSNA Annual
Meeting which will be held in Chicago, Illinois, USA, from November 25-30,
2018. Acknowledgements Thank you to the National Institutes of Health Clinical
Center for publicly providing the Chest X-Ray dataset [5]. NIH News release:
NIH Clinical Center provides one of the largest publicly available chest x-ray
datasets to scientific community Original source files and documents Also, a
big thank you to the competition organizers! References Rui P, Kang K.
National Ambulatory Medical Care Survey: 2015 Emergency Department Summary
Tables. Table 27. Available from:
www.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhamcs/web_tables/2015_ed_web_tables.pdf Deaths: Final
Data for 2015. Supplemental Tables. Tables I-21, I-22. Available from:
www.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nvsr/nvsr66/nvsr66_06_tables.pdf Franquet T. Imaging of
community-acquired pneumonia. J Thorac Imaging 2018 (epub ahead of print).
PMID 30036297 Kelly B. The Chest Radiograph. Ulster Med J 2012;81(3):143-148
Wang X, Peng Y, Lu L, Lu Z, Bagheri M, Summers RM. ChestX-ray8: Hospital-scale
Chest X-ray Database and Benchmarks on Weakly-Supervised Classification and
Localization of Common Thorax Diseases. IEEE CVPR 2017,
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Wang_ChestX-
ray8_Hospital-Scale_Chest_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

