Did you ever go through your vacation photos and ask yourself: What is the
name of this temple I visited in China? Who created this monument I saw in
France? Landmark recognition can help! This technology can predict landmark
labels directly from image pixels, to help people better understand and
organize their photo collections. Today, a great obstacle to landmark
recognition research is the lack of large annotated datasets. In this
competition, we present the largest worldwide dataset to date, to foster
progress in this problem. This competition challenges Kagglers to build models
that recognize the correct landmark (if any) in a dataset of challenging test
images. Many Kagglers are familiar with image classification challenges like
the ImageNet Large Scale Visual Recognition Challenge (ILSVRC), which aims to
recognize 1K general object categories. Landmark recognition is a little
different from that: it contains a much larger number of classes (there are a
total of 15K classes in this challenge), and the number of training examples
per class may not be very large. Landmark recognition is challenging in its
own way. This challenge is organized in conjunction with the Landmark
Retrieval Challenge (https://www.kaggle.com/c/landmark-retrieval-challenge).
In particular, note that the test set for both challenges is the same, to
encourage participants to compete in both. We also encourage participants to
use the training data from the recognition challenge to train models which
could be useful for the retrieval challenge. Note, however, that there are no
landmarks in common between the training/index sets of the two challenges.

