Submissions are scored on the log loss: LogLoss=− 1 n ∑ i=1 n [ y i log( y ^ i
)+(1− y i )log(1− y ^ i )], where n is the number of games played y ^ i y is
the predicted probability of team 1 beating team 2 y i y is 1 if team 1 wins,
0 if team 2 wins log() l is the natural (base e) logarithm The use of the
logarithm provides extreme punishments for being both confident and wrong. In
the worst possible case, a prediction that something is true when it is
actually false will add infinite to your error score. In order to prevent
this, predictions are bounded away from the extremes by a small value.
Submission File The file you submit will depend on whether the competition is
in stage 1 (historical model building) or stage 2 (the 2018 tournament).
Sample submission files will be provided for both stages. The format is a list
of every possible matchup between the tournament teams. Since team1 vs. team2
is the same as team2 vs. team1, we only include the game pairs where team1 has
the lower team id. For example, in a tournament of 68 teams (64 + 4 play-in
teams), you will predict (68*67)/2 = 2278 matchups. Each game has a unique id
created by concatenating the season in which the game was played, the team1
id, and the team2 id. For example, "2013_1104_1129" indicates team 1104 played
team 1129 in the year 2013. You must predict the probability that the team
with the lower id beats the team with the higher id. The resulting submission
format looks like the following, where "pred" represents the predicted
probability that the first team will win: id,pred 2013_1103_1107,0.5
2013_1103_1112,0.5 2013_1103_1125,0.5 ...

